feat(menus): custom menus updates (#9014)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/demos/CustomMenus/ContextSelector.md

---
id: Context selector
section: components
subsection: menus
source: react-demos
propComponents:
  [
    'MenuToggle',
    'MenuFooter',
    'MenuSearch',
    'MenuSearchInput',
    'Divider',
    'InputGroup',
    'SearchInput',
    'Dropdown',
    'DropdownGroup',
    'DropdownList',
    'DropdownItem'
  ]
---

import SearchIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/search-icon';

> As the context selector component is now deprecated, a context selector may now be built using the new suite of menu components. This is showcased in the following example, which uses the new dropdown component that is built off of menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the context selector component is now deprecated, a context selector may now be built using the new suite of menu components. This is showcased in the following demo, which uses the new [dropdown](/components/menus/dropdown) component that is built off of menu.
```
